This room is constructed from bone, walls laden with skulls of many races, and is dimly lit with candles scattered
throughout. As you cross the threshold you feel a deep chill set in to your bones, and are met with an impending
sense of doom...#Exiting the Gardens, you heave open the thick oaken doors of the Cathedral, and are greeted by a bright room with rows
of pews and an altar in the centre, colourful lights dance through the room as the sun passes through the stained glass
windows.#Opening the gates to the cemetery you see many weathered headstones with faded names, covered in lichen and moss, beyond
which is an expansive chasm with a single mausoleum on the other side.#Walking further into the trees, the light from the sun fades out to a dim flicker, with spots of light dancing here and
there along the undergrowth, as you near a clearing you see two goblins wielding spears both perched on log stools
around a small campfire, one has a scroll attached to his waist. Beyond them you see a magnificent flower, of which they
seem to be protecting.#As you enter the garden, a warm breeze blows towards you, thick with the scent of many flowers and fresh dew. There is a
Cat asleep on the grass and a small Faerie resting near a large Oak tree in the centre. To the west is a thick forest,
to the east is a small library, and directly north is a magnificent cathedral.#As you enter the library you hear the welcoming jingle of a bell. You note the entire place smells like fresh parchment.
You walk further in and there is a shelf of scrolls, only two of which are in a language you can understand. Their tags
read "Dispel Magic" and "Jolt". On the counter is a thick book whose cover reads "World history". As you look around,
you also notice there is nobody else inside...#After opening the door with the rusted key, you look around the dark boat shed, you can't see much other than a table,
it's a bit too dark to make out anything clearly.#A very empty coast with nothing but sand. There are rockpools to the east and what seems to be a Boat Shed to the west.#You come up to some rock pools, each with some tiny fish and a crab or two which quickly scurry away, in one pool you
notice a rusted key which seems to have a handle shaped like a boat.#